BUG: date_range with freq="C" (business days) return value changed on 1.5.0 (#49610)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.5.2.rst

- Fixed regression in :meth:`Series.replace` raising ``RecursionError`` with numeric dtype and when specifying ``value=None`` (:issue:`45725`)
- Fixed regression in :meth:`DataFrame.plot` preventing :class:`~matplotlib.colors.Colormap` instance
  from being passed using the ``colormap`` argument if Matplotlib 3.6+ is used (:issue:`49374`)

> - Fixed regression in :meth:`.arrays.date_range` returning an invalid set of periods for CustomBusinessDay and ``start`` date with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed regression in :func:`date_range` returning an invalid set of periods for ``CustomBusinessDay`` frequency and ``start`` date with
```

>   timezone (:issue:`49441`)

Reviewer: Dont think this needs to be on a newline?

Author: I agree, it has 159 chars for markdown its ok. I will fix it
